[core][rdt] Register your own transport at runtime for RDT (#59255)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/direct-transport.rst

   * Any unexpected system bugs

Advanced: Registering a new tensor transport
--------------------------------------------

Ray allows users to register new tensor transports for use in RDT at runtime.
To implement a new tensor transport, you need to implement the abstract interface :class:`ray.experimental.TensorTransportManager <ray.experimental.TensorTransportManager>` defined in `tensor_transport_manager.py <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/experimental/gpu_object_manager/tensor_transport_manager.py>`__.

> Then you can give `register_tensor_transport` the transport name, supported devices for the transport, and the class that implements `TensorTransportManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement a new tensor transport, implement the abstract interface :class:`ray.experimental.TensorTransportManager <ray.experimental.TensorTransportManager>` defined in `tensor_transport_manager.py <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/experimental/gpu_object_manager/tensor_transport_manager.py>`__.
Then call `register_tensor_transport` with the transport name, supported devices for the transport, and the class that implements `TensorTransportManager`.
```

Reviewer: Can you also add an API link for register_tensor_transport?

Also should specify who this needs to be called by. Driver, parent task, all involved actors, etc?

> Then you can simply give `register_tensor_transport` the transport name, supported devices for the transport, and the class that implements `TensorTransportManager`.

Author: done

> NIXL, NCCL, and GLOO are registered through this API as well, see `nixl_tensor_transport.py <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/00b1f9d5d3aa37a01c74ea29ef0f8c7d7a31e368/python/ray/experimental/gpu_object_manager/nixl_tensor_transport.py>`__ for a reference example.

Author: I changed this a bit and not mentioning this and pointing to the test example instead

   * Any unexpected system bugs

Advanced: Registering a new tensor transport
--------------------------------------------

Ray allows users to register new tensor transports at runtime for use with RDT.
To implement a new tensor transport, implement the abstract interface :class:`ray.experimental.TensorTransportManager <ray.experimental.TensorTransportManager>`
defined in `tensor_transport_manager.py <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/experimental/gpu_object_manager/tensor_transport_manager.py>`__.
Then call `register_tensor_transport <ray.experimental.register_tensor_transport>` with the transport name, supported devices for the transport,

> and the class that implements `TensorTransportManager`. Note that you have to register from the same process in which you create the actor you want

Author: ya, we register it on both
